1-2 packs of cigarettes per day.
1-2 ppd Cigarettes
10+pack-year h/o Tobacco use; quit 2 years ago
2-4 Beers/day
2ppd smoker since his teens; quit 2 years ago
50+pack-yr cigarette use.
6-pack beer plus 2 drinks per day for many years: now claims he has been dry for 2 years
A 76-year-old who used to smoke a pack a day and quit in 1985
A pack of cigarettes would last for more than a week
"According to the chart, the patient also drinks wine everyday for the last 50 years, usually one to two drinks per day."
Active smoker
"Admits to heroin use, alcohol abuse as well"
Admits to no history of using alcohol
"Alcohol drinking history, quit smoking about 30 years ago"
Alcohol one to two drinks monthly.
Also admits today using cocaine.
At home also live 2 dogs and 2 outside cats
"At home live mom, dad, and 18-, 16-, 14-, 12-year-old brothers, and a 3-year-old sister"
"At home lives mom, dad, a 2-1/2-year-old brother, and a 5-1/2-year-old maternal stepbrother"
"At present, he is on independent studies, which began after his hospitalization"
Cigar smoker
"Consumes 6 bottles of beers, one day a week"
Currently employed
Denied ETOH/Tobacco/illicit drug use.
Denied ETOH/Tobacco/illicit drug use.F
"Denied alcohol, tobacco, and drug use."
Denied any h/o Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Denied h/o tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Denied tobacco or illicit drug use
Denied tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Denied tobacco/illicit drug use
Denies ETOH/illicit drug/Tobacco use.
Denies Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
"Denies alcohol, and denies IV or illicit drug use."
Denies any IV drug use.
Denies any alcohol or illicit drug use
Denies any tobacco or alcohol use
Denies ever using illicit drugs and tobacco.
Denies history of Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Denies smoking or drinking.
Denies the use of alcohol or tobacco.
Denies tobacco or alcohol use.
Denies tobacco or ethanol use.
"Denies tobacco, ETOH or illicit drug use, but admits he was a heavy drinker until the last 1970s when he quit."
"Denies tobacco, alcohol and drug use"
"Denies tobacco, alcohol or illicit drugs."
"Denies tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug use."
"Denies use of alcohol, tobacco, or illicit drugs."
Denies use of alcohol.
"Denies use of tobacco, alcohol and illicit drugs"
"Denies using caffeinated beverages, alcohol or the use of any tobacco products."
Divorced and lives with girlfriend
Does not drink alcohol or use any recreational drug use
Does not smoke or drink.
"Does not smoke, but drinks occasionally for the last five years."
"Does not smoke, drink, or utilize illicit substances."
Does not use tobacco.
Drinks 1-2 beers/day
Drinks occasionally.
Drinks socially
Drinks socially.
"ETOH abuse (quit '92), 30pk-yr Cigarettes (quit '92)"
Employed cook
Employed with the US Post Office
Family does have one pet dog in home.
"Farmer, Married, no Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use."
Grandmother is a heavy smoker.
He admits to having smoked marijuana off and on with friends and drinking beer off and on as well.
He also denies current alcohol use
He also has a history of marijuana used approximately 1 year ago
"He also quit smoking cigarettes in 1984, after 16 years of smoking"
He and his wife get out every day usually for three or four hours
"He came to Alaska in 1977; his father left his last term of service in the army in Germany at that time, and they came to Alaska to help a grandparent build a cabin; they ended up staying"
"He continues to smoke one pack of cigarettes daily, as he has for the past 28 years"
He currently is self employed and does antiquing
"He currently is working as a nurse aid, second shift, at a nursing home"
He currently lives with his mother in house for several both in New York and here in Colorado
"He currently lives with his sister, and does not work; he collects a pension."
He denied any h/o drug abuse
"He denied any history of tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drug use"
He denied intravenous drug use or unprotected sexual exposures.
He denies alcohol or drug abuse.
He denies alcohol or illicit drug use
He denies any IV drug use and has an occasional alcohol.
He denies any alcohol consumption.
He denies any alcohol or illicit substances.
He denies any drug use
He denies any drug use.
He denies any history of alcohol or substance abuse.
He denies any illicit drug use.
He denies any smoking or drug usage.
He denies cigarettes smoking or alcohol intake.
He denies illicit drug use
He denies tobacco or alcohol consumption.
He denies tobacco use
He denies use of alcohol.
He does admit to one half pack of cigarette consumption per day
He does drink alcohol socially
He does drink six beers a day.
"He does have a smoking history, about a 20 pack-year history and he reports quitting on July 27"
He does have chronic alcohol use.
"He does have smoking history as about a thirteen and a half pack year history of smoking, currently smoking about a quarter of a pack per day"
He does not abuse alcohol.
He does not drink
He does not drink alcohol
"He does not smoke, drink alcohol or consume drugs."
"He does not smoke, occasionally drinks alcohol"
He does not use alcohol or illicit drugs.
"He does not use alcohol, tobacco or illicit drugs"
"He does not use alcohol, tobacco, or illicit drugs."
He does relate that he had a history of alcoholism
He does smoke
He does smoke two packs of cigarettes per day
He drank a 6 pack of beer per day for the past 30 years
He drinks 4-8 beers per night and smokes half a pack per day for 30 years
He drinks alcohol occasionally with up to three drinks a week
"He drinks alcohol ten to twelve drinks a week, but does not drink five days a week and then will binge drink"
He drinks four alcoholic beverages per night
He had been briefly incarcerated 5 years prior to admission
He had smoked significantly up until several months ago
He hardly ever uses alcohol
"He has a history of illicit drug use, but denies IV drug use"
"He has a history of tobacco use, which he quit at the age of 37"
He has a very remote history of tobacco use
He has about ten drinks a year
"He has been drinking alcohol today, but has no history of alcohol or drug abuse."
He has history of tobacco smoking and also reports history of alcohol abuse
He has history of tobacco use in the past
He has no h/o ETOH abuse and does not drink at present.
He has no tobacco use
He has not taken a drink for the past 37 years.
He has occasional glass of wine
He has one alcoholic drink per day
He has one to two alcoholic drinks per day
"He has previously smoked about two packs of cigarettes daily for 20 years, but quit about 20 years ago"
"He has quit smoking, but unfortunately was positive for cocaine during last hospital stay in 01/08."
He is a master mechanic for a trucking company since 1968
He is a non-cigarette smoker
He is a non-cigarette smoker and non-ETOH user
He is a nonsmoker
He is a nonsmoker and nondrinker
"He is a nonsmoker, nonalcoholic, and not a drug user."
He is a painter.FAMILY
He is a petroleum engineer for Chevron
He is a physician in allergy/immunology.
He is a retired engineer and real estate broker
He is a retired lab manager.
He is a retired liquor store owner.
He is a smoker
He is a social drinker
He is a student
He is a tobacco user
"He is also a former cigarette smoker, quit several years ago."
He is currently retired.
"He is employed as a United States Marine officer, artillery repair specialist"
"He is employed as an attorney and while he states that overall his mental stress is better, he has noted more recent mental stress this past weekend when he was taking his daughter back to college."
He is employed at the sales counter of a local butcher shop
"He is employed in sales, which requires quite a bit of walking, but he is not doing any lifting"
He is in Juvenile Hall for about 25 more days
He is married and has support at home
He is married and retired
"He is nonsmoker, nondrinker"
He is now retired
He is retired from the social security administration x 20 years
"He is retired, being a Pepsi-Cola driver secondary to his back and knees."
He is unemployed
"He is unemployed, disabled"
He lives alone
"He lives alone, but has family and social support to look on him.FAMILY"
"He lives alone, single and no children."
He lives in Sacaton with his sister
He lives with a girlfriend
He lives with his mother.
He lives with his wife in New Jersey
"He lives with mom, dad, brother, sister, and everybody is healthy"
He never used tobacco products or illicit/intravenous drugs.
He occasionally has a beer
"He occasionally has a beer, but denies any continuous use of alcohol"
"He previously was a security guard, but is currently on disability."
"He previously was an alcoholic, but quit in 1984"
"He previously worked with pipeline work, but has been on disability for five years"
He quit drinking at age 23
He quit smoking 6 years ago but dips (smokeless) tobacco.
He quit smoking in 1968
He quit tobacco and alcohol 15 years ago.
He quite smoking 25 years ago after a 35-year history of smoking
He retired in the May 2006
He smoked 50 pack years and had no intention of quitting according to him.
He smoked a pack and a half of cigarettes per day for the past 35 years
He smokes a pack of cigarettes a day and is working on quitting
He smokes cigarettes approximately one pack per day.
He smokes less than a pack of cigarettes daily
"He smokes one and a half pack a day for 15 years, but he has recently stopped smoking for the past two weeks."
He smokes one pack of cigarettes a day and has done so for 15 years
He smokes one pack of cigarettes per day
He smokes one pack per day
He smokes one-and-one-half-packs of cigarettes per day and drinks alcohol at least several days per week
"He smokes two packs a day and he has two beers a day he says, but not consuming illegal drugs."
He states he lives on his own
He states that he did not enroll in Wichita State this semester
He travels a lot and is extremely active
He travels to anywhere for his work
"He used cocaine in the past, reportedly quit in 2005"
"He used to be a heavy drinker, quit alcohol one year ago and does not work currently."
He used to drink alcohol rarely but stopped entirely with the onset of his symptoms
"He was a binge drinker, although unable to provide detail about frequency of binges"
He was a social drinker in the past but quit altogether two years ago
He was accompanied to the office by his sister-in-law who drove him to the appt
He was currently unemployed but had worked as a mechanic and as a carpet layer in the past
He was formerly employed as an electronic technician for the US postal service
"He worked as an engineer/manager, and stated that his job was very stressful"
He works as a flooring installer.
He works as a geologist at Petrogas
"He works as a payroll representative and previously did lot of work in jewelry business, working he states with chemical."
He works at Shepherd Pratt doing network engineering
He works for ABCD.
He works full time in Human Resources for the State of Maryland
He works in an electronic assembly for Harmony Music
"Here with mother and grandmother, lives at home"
His employment is that he does dynamite work and actually putting in the dynamite in large holes for destroying ground to that pipeline can be laid
His recreational drug use in the chart indicates that he has had a history of methamphetamines
His wife does most of the house cleaning
His wife transports him in an oversized four-door vehicle.
"History of alcohol use in the past.
He is basically requesting for more and more pain medications"
Includes tobacco use as well as alcohol use.
Lives with boyfriend
Lives with children
Lives with her husband
Lives with mom and dad
Lives with parents
"Lives with parents and with two siblings, one 18-year-old and the other is 14-year-old in house, in Corrales"
"Mainstream high school education, no mental retardation, ambulatory, works at cardboard shop for the disabled."
Marital Status: The patient is married with one dependent child.Highest Level of Education: He completed high school and also has received a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering.Tobacco Use: None.Alcohol Use: He consumes approximately one to two glasses of wine or beer per week.
"Married, lives with husband, 4 children alive and well"
"Married, unemployed"
Me and my wife are out of the house by 9:00
"Mom denies any recent travel history, especially during the recent holidays and no smoke exposures."
Negative for smoking and drinking.
Never smoked
No alcohol
No alcohol abuse
No alcohol use
"No alcohol, drugs, or tobacco."
"No alcohol, occasional marijuana, and no IV drug use"
No drugs
No drugs.
No ethanol use or illicit drug use
No ethanol.SOCIAL
No h/o ETOH abuse.
No h/o illicit drug use.F
"No history of ETOH, Tobacco or illicit drug use"
No history of alcohol abuse or smoking.
No history of alcohol use
"No history of any smoking, alcohol or drug abuse."
No history of drug abuse.
No history of illicit drug abuse.
No history of recreational drug use.
"No history of smoking, alcohol, or drug use"
No history of tobacco use
No smokers or pets in the home
No smoking
No smoking or alcohol.
No smoking or drinking
No smoking or drinking.
No smoking or significant alcohol intake
"No smoking, alcohol, or drug abuse."
No tobacco
No tobacco or alcohol
"No tobacco use, occasional EtOH, no known drug use, works as a real estate agent."
"No tobacco, alcohol or IV drug abuse."
"No tobacco, alcohol or IV drug use."
"No tobacco, alcohol or illicit drug use"
"No use of ethanol, tobacco, illicit, or recreational substances."
No use of illicit drugs.
Nonsmoker
"Nonsmoker, nondrinker"
Occasional glass of wine at dinner
Occupation: truck driver
Off work for two weeks due to complaints.
Only occasional alcohol use
Only occasionally drinks alcohol and he is a nonsmoker
Part-time farmer
"Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient denies tobacco use, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history."
Patient admits tobacco use She relates a smoking history of 40 pack years.
Patient denies alcohol use
"Patient denies alcohol use, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history, Patient denies tobacco use."
Patient denies illegal drug use
"Patient denies smoking, alcohol abuse, illicit drug use and STDs."
Patient has a history of smoking 1 pack of cigarettes per day and for the past 15 years
Patient is married and is a nonsmoker and lives with his wife
Patient is married and lives with her husband and 2 children
"Patient lives at home with 22-year-old mother Aubrey Mizel and her parents Bud and Sue Mizel in Newton, Kansas"
"Patient lives with her mother, who is here with her.Nursing notes were reviewed with which I agree."
Patient quit smoking 1 year ago
Patient states smoking history of 1 pack per day
"Prior to admission, the patient lived alone in a one storied dwelling"
"Prior to that, he drank significantly more"
Rare cigarette use/Occasional Marijuana use/Social ETOH use per wife.
Rarely consumes ETOH.
"Remarkable for being married, retired, quit smoking in 1997, rare use of alcohol, lives locally with his wife."
Resided at nursing home
Retired employee of Champion Automotive Co.Denies use of TOB/ETOH/Illicit drugs.
Retired insurance salesman and denies history of tobacco or illicit drug us
Retired small engine mechanic who worked in a poorly ventilated shop
Salesperson
Semi-retired Attorney
"She also states that she exercises regularly, does not smoke cigarettes, use drugs, or drink alcohol."
She consumed 1 alcoholic drink per month.
She consumes alcohol 3 to 5 drinks daily
She consumes alcohol moderately.
She currently works in a dental office.FAMILY
She denied any Tobacco/ETOH/Illicit drug use.
"She denied any history of drug use, alcohol abuse, tattoos, or blood transfusion"
She denied any tobacco or illicit drug use
She denies alcohol and drug use.
She denies alcohol or illicit drug use.
She denies alcohol or tobacco use
She denies any other recreational drugs use
She denies smoking or alcohol or drug use.
"She denies the use of alcohol, illicits, or tobacco."
"She denies tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug use."
"She denies use of cigarettes, alcohol or drugs."
She denies use of recreational drugs.
"She did smoke in the past up to one to one and a half packs of cigarettes per day for about 10 years, but she quit long time ago"
She does have a history of chronic marijuana use.
She does have an occasional alcoholic beverage.
She does not consume alcohol.
She does not drink alcohol nor use illicit drugs
She does not drink or smoke
She does not drink or smoke.
She does not have a smoking history and does not drink alcohol.
She does not report any significant alcohol or illicit drug use
She does not smoke
She does not smoke and does not drink alcohol.
She does not smoke and does not drink and has never done either.
She does not smoke and she does not drink
She does not smoke and she does not drink.
She does not smoke cigarettes and drinks alcohol only occasionally
"She does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol, no use of illicit drugs"
"She does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol, nor use any illicit drugs"
She does not smoke or drink alcohol currently.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
"She does not smoke, drink or use any illicit drugs."
"She does not smoke, drink or use intravenous drugs."
"She does not smoke, drink or utilize illicit substances."
"She does not smoke, use alcohol or illicit drugs."
"She does not smoke, use alcohol or use illicit drugs."
She does not smoke.
"She does smoke cigarettes, one pack per day for the last 20 years"
She drinks 2 to 3 glasses of wine per week
She drinks alcohol occasionally.
She drinks alcohol once a week
She drinks one beer a day
She drinks socially.
She drinks wine a few drinks a month.
She endorses marijuana use and a history of cocaine use five years ago
"She had no history of tobacco, alcohol or illicit drug use."
"She had one year of college, and she currently is retired after working in New York public schools for 20 or more years"
She had periods when she quit smoking and started again 2-1/2 years ago
She had quit smoking cigarettes some 25 years ago and is a nondrinker.
She had smoked 10-15 cigarettes per day for approximately 20 years but had quit smoking approximately 2 months prior to admission
She has a 20-pack year history of tobacco use
She has a 27 pack year smoking history
She has a very support family unit.
She has never used illicit drugs
She has no history of alcohol use.
She has no illicit drug use
"She has not performed farming or kept birds or cats.Tobacco: None.
Ethanol: Drug Use: Occupation: She is a registered nurse at Spring Grove Hospital.Exposure: Negative to asbestos."
"She has two glasses of wine per day, both red and white wine"
She is a high-school graduate from ABCD High School
She is a lifelong nonsmoker and nondrinker.
"She is a lifetime nonsmoker, social alcohol drinker."
She is a nonsmoker
She is a nonsmoker and nondrinker
"She is a nonsmoker, drinks infrequent alcohol and does not use drugs"
"She is a nonsmoker, nondrinker."
She is a nonsmoker.
She is a public relations consultant
She is a retired custodian at University
She is a smoker about a pack and a half for 38 years and notes rare alcohol use.
She is a student
"She is a widow, lives alone"
"She is an ex-smoker, quit smoking about five years ago"
She is an office manager for a gravel company
She is at home full time and does not attend day care.
She is currently on methadone maintenance
She is divorced and lives alone and is a retired laboratory technician from Cornell Diagnostic Laboratory.
She is divorced and lives with her daughter
She is employed as a manager at the New York department of taxation
She is here with mother and father who lives at home
She is houseparent at Southern University.
She is in sales
She is married and does not smoke or drink nor did she ever.
She is married and has support at home
"She is married long term, retired from Avon"
"She is married, is a housewife, and has four children.
FAMILY"
"She is married, lives with her husband, has 2 children that passed away and 4 surviving children"
She is not employed outside the home.
She is now living on her own
She is on the diet and has lost several pounds in the last several months
"She is presently unemployed, but plans to go on a job interview today with Alaska USA Federal Credit Union"
She is retired
"She is retired as a cook in a school cafeteria, where she worked for 34 years"
She is retired from Morse Chain and delivering newspapers
She is retired from running a restaurant.
"She is single, lives with her 21-year-old daughter, works as CNA, smokes one pack per day for the last 8 years"
She is unemployed at this time
"She is working approximately half time because of limitations imposed on her by her disability, need to attend frequent physical therapy, and also the needs of looking after her baby"
"She lived alone for 15 years until to 12/94, when her daughters began sharing the task of caring for her"
She lived independently in an apartment until about one month ago when her daughter moved her into a nursing home
She lives alone
She lives alone and is widowed
She lives alone at home
"She lives at Kansas Christian Home independently, but actually does get a lot of help with medications, having a driver to bring her here, and going to the noon meal."
She lives at home with her husband
She lives at home with parents
She lives at home.
She lives in a nursing home.
She lives with a room-mate.
She lives with both of her parents and has a 9-year-old brother
She lives with her boyfriend and his father
She lives with her daughter.
She lives with her husband and is employed as a school nurse for the School Department
She lives with her mom in Fresno.
"She lives with husband, who is elderly, cannot take care of her"
She noted that he is somewhat behind in his work due to the hospitalization
She occasionally has a drink every few weeks
She occasionally uses alcohol
She only drinks socially one to two drinks a month
She rarely drinks any alcohol-containing beverages.
She rarely drinks socially
She recently retired from State of Pennsylvania as a psychiatric aide after 32 years of service.
She reported that he really does not to go back to High School
She reported that the patient is involved in a work program through the school where she works at Pet Extreme on Mondays and Wednesdays from 3 to 8 p.m
She reports occasional alcohol use and quit smoking 11 years ago.
She retired 7 years ago because of low back pain
"She said her husband hurt his hand and shoulder, and she has been having to care of him pretty much"
"She said that her strongest subject was math while her worst was spelling, although she reported that her grades were still quite good in spelling"
She smoked 1 to 2 packs a day from age 18 to 54
She smoked cigarettes socially while in her 20s
She smokes a half pack a day
She smokes about 6-7 cigarettes per day and has done so for more than 50 years
She still smokes one pack of cigarettes a day
She stopped working more than 20 years ago due to complications from her mesothelioma
"She used to be a smoker, not anymore"
"She used to smoke 2-1/2 packs per day for 32 years, but quit in 1995"
She used to smoke cigarettes and smoked from the age of 14 to 43 and quit at the time of her bypass surgery
"She used to smoke, but quit about 10 years ago"
She used to work as a labor and delivery nurse up until early 2001 when she retired.
She uses alcohol
"She uses no ethanol, no tobacco and no illicits"
She was reportedly either terminated or laid off and was unsure of the reason for that
She works as a medical transcriptionist.
She works as a project administrator.
She works as an esthetician.
She works at Norcraft
She works running a day care at home
Shows that she does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol
"Significant for about a 20-pack-year tobacco use, quit in 1991"
Significant for her being without a companion at this point
"Significant history of alcohol abuse, according to the emergency room physician, who sees her on a regular basis."
"Single, lives with sister, and denies Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use."
Smokes 1-2 packs/cigarettes per day and drinks alcohol socially.
Smokes 2 packs of cigarettes per day
Smokes 2ppd cigarettes.
Smokes none
"So, he was smoking 2-3 packs per day"
Social alcohol and he does smoke.
States use of no illicit drugs.
"The client does not work; however, he does fix some type of computers as his hobby"
"The highest level of education that he received was 1 year in college.
Ethanol, tobacco, or drugs; he smoked 2 packs per day for 40 years, but quit in 1996"
The injured worker denies tobacco or alcohol consumption.
"The patient admits to heavy alcohol drinking in the past, quit several years ago"
The patient current smokes.
"The patient denies a history of smoking, drinking or intravenous drug use"
The patient denies alcohol or illicit drug usage
The patient denies any alcohol or drug use although her son reports that she has had a long history of this in the past and the patient has abused prescription medication in the past as well according to her son.
"The patient denies any alcohol, IV drug abuse, tobacco, or any recreational drugs."
"The patient denies ever having smoked, denies any significant alcohol use, and lives with her daughter in Pasadena."
The patient denies smoking cigarettes
The patient denies the use of any alcoholic beverages
"The patient denies tobacco, alcohol or drug use."
"The patient denies tobacco, alcohol or illicit drug usage."
The patient does drink alcohol and also uses illicit drugs.
The patient does not smoke
"The patient does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol nor drink any caffeine"
The patient does not smoke cigarettes.
The patient does not smoke nor drink alcohol.
The patient does not smoke or take any drinks.
The patient does not work since brother became ill 3 months ago when he quit his job to care for him.
The patient does smoke approximately half a pack of cigarettes per day
The patient has a history of heavy tobacco and alcohol abuse for many years.
The patient has been a smoker since the age of 10
The patient has been living in his father's home and this is all the information that we have available from the chart.
The patient has been residing at South Valley Care Center.
The patient has history of tobacco abuse as well as multiple illicit drug abuse.REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: As mentioned above.
"The patient is a civil engineer, who currently works from home"
"The patient is a former smoker, reportedly quit in 2007"
The patient is a homemaker
The patient is a life long nonsmoker
The patient is a nonsmoker and does not use illegal drugs
The patient is a nonsmoker.
The patient is a retired paster and missionary to Mexico
The patient is a smoker.
The patient is a videographer and teacher.
The patient is currently employed.
The patient is divorced and is a homemaker
The patient is employed in the finance department
"The patient is married and is a nonsmoker, and lives with her husband, who is here with her."
The patient is married and retired.
The patient is married with five children and lives with his wife
"The patient is married, lives with her husband"
The patient is not working
The patient is now staying with his mother
The patient is retired
"The patient is single, self-employed carpenter"
The patient is still a smoker.
"The patient is working full-time as a project manager, and is required to do extensive walking at various periods during a workday."
The patient lives at Life Care Center
The patient lives at a skilled nursing facility.
The patient lives at home with his daughter
"The patient lives at home with mother, father, and 2 other siblings"
The patient lives by herself and has three pet cats
The patient lives in a private home with children and her father
The patient lives in the local area with his wife.
The patient lives with both parents and no siblings
The patient lives with her common law husband and her daughter
The patient lives with her husband
The patient lives with his partner
The patient lives with his wife
The patient lives with his wife and daughter in an apartment
The patient lives with his wife.
"The patient lives with mother, father, and a brother"
The patient lives with the mother
"The patient lives with the parents in Lindsay, California and has a good environment."
The patient participated in homosexual activity in Haiti during 1982 which he described as very active. Denies intravenous drug use
The patient quit smoking 17 years ago; prior to that had smoked one pack per day for 44 years
The patient rates her general health as excellent and denies any smoking and reports very occasional alcohol consumption
The patient smoked 1-1/2 packs for more than 40 years
The patient smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day
The patient smokes 1-1/2 packs of cigarettes a day and does not have a history of regular exercise routine.
The patient smokes about a pack a day for more than 25 years
The patient smokes approximately 2 packs per day times greater than 40 years
The patient smokes marijuana
"The patient states she lives in a single-level home with her husband, who is in good health and is able to assist with any tasks or activities the patient is having difficulty with"
"The patient still smokes about a third of a pack a day, also drinks only occasional alcoholic drinks"
"The patient stopped smoking 27 years ago, he smoked approximately two packs a day with combined cigarettes and cigars"
"The patient used to smoke cigarettes for about 20 years, one-half pack a day"
"The patient used to smoke, but quit approximately 30 years ago"
The patient works as a school teacher and teaching high school.
There is no history of tobacco use or alcohol use.
They are retired from ABC.
"This child lives with his mother and father, both are teenagers, unmarried, who are not well educated"
"This is a 16-year-old Caucasian adolescent female who is going into ninth grade and lives with her mother, the mother's boyfriend, and a 12, 11, and 10-year-old sister"
Tobacco history: smokes two packs of cigarettes per day
"Tobacco use, averages two cigarettes per day"
Unemployed and formerly worked at an herbicide plant.
"Upon review of the Baptist lab systems, the patient has had multiple positive urine drug screens and as recently as February 2008 had a urine drug screen that was positive for benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, and marijuana and as recently as 2005 with cocaine present as well."
"Uses no tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs"
Works as a banker.
Works at ABC
Works in a business office
"X, LCSW, notes that mom has recently gradually from respiratory therapy school and has accepted a position here at Children's Hospital"
"editorial assistant at newspaper, 40pk-yr Tobacco, no ETOH/Drugs.
F"
lives with biologic father and mother
lives with parents and attends mainstream 5th grade classes.
lives with parents and sisters.
"smokes 1-3 packs of cigarettes per day, but denied alcohol use"
unemployed
where she stocks shelves
